hi guys so this video is about how to do
it yourself face mask this video is
about how you can naturally give
yourself a facial using products that
you already have in your kitchen so I'm
going to teach you guys how to steam
your face exfoliate your face give your
face a nice treat mint close your pores
tighten your skin all that good stuff
using all-natural products as you
already know I'm a health freak I love
everything that's natural and everything
that as pure as it comes so when I tell
you guys that this these masks will work
much better than when you go out and buy
your products from the stores I'm not
just saying that because I'm a crazy nut
I'm saying that because it's actually
true
like I went down so much money because I
would buy all these products Oh glowing
skin yes I need that oh minimize pores
oh I need that Oh an ash volcano clay
mask that is promising that I'm gonna
look like Halle Berry I need that I look
like Halle Berry I need that like come
on we all do it we all go to stores we
all feed into the stupid hype that
promises us one thing and leaves us with
empty promises
like come on anyway
just try this and I can promise you that
you will see a difference in just one
one week of doing this so I do these
masks once a week and it's usually a
Sunday so I just relax have the whole
day to myself
do these masks and the rest of the week
I look good good good um so I'm gonna
teach you guys how to properly steam
your face how to exfoliate do a
treatment mask another mask that closes
your pores and how to moisturize using a
natural product so I hope you guys enjoy
it and yeah I hope you enjoy it thank
you
my stories
and Riley no more stops before
with
your feet
and if you can
love
well I'd be the happiest
look into your eyes I see the future of
the kind of person I've always cheer
you speak a huge
just
and if you come
it is that
let me the sweetest doors
my aunt when she smiles your heart goes
sinking down two stories two
in my ear when she moves your stop
spinning for
breaking
just
as a bonus
you smile my heart goes sinking emptier
stories